Adding support for VpcConnectorEgressSettings field to cloudfunctions… (#5984)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-google: website/docs/r/cloudfunctions_function.html.markdown

* `vpc_connector` - (Optional) The VPC Network Connector that this cloud function can connect to. It can be either the fully-qualified URI, or the short name of the network connector resource. The format of this field is `projects/*/locations/*/connectors/*`.

> * `vpc_connector_egress_settings` - (Optional) String value that controls what traffic is send through the VPC Connector. Allowed values are ALL_TRAFFIC and PRIVATE_RANGES_ONLY

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `vpc_connector_egress_settings` - (Optional) The egress settings for the connector, controlling what traffic is diverted through it. Allowed values are `ALL_TRAFFIC` and `PRIVATE_RANGES_ONLY`. Defaults to `PRIVATE_RANGES_ONLY`. If unset, this field preserves the previously set value.
```
